README.md, before:

# About

Remove Windows 7 updates that adds telemetry, upgrade and other fishy stuff.

# Manual

Download trim7.cmd script, right click on it and choose "Run as Administrator". Reboot after finish and search for Windows updates again. Once you see them bad updates re-appear, just right click on them and select "Hide" from the context menu. Additionally, download schtasks.bat file, right click on it and choose "Run as Administrator" and it will disable all the privacy related tasks.

# Updates

KB971033 - Windows Activation Technologies

KB2505438 -

KB2506928 -

KB2545698 -

KB2592687 -

KB2652664 - Windows Customer Experience Improvement Program

KB2660075 -

KB2670838 -

KB2726535 -

KB2876229 -

KB2882822 - Update for adding iTracerelogger interface support

KB2902907 - Microsoft Security Essentials

KB2922324 -

KB2923545 -

KB2952664 - Compatibility update for upgrading Windows 7

KB2977759 - Compatibility update for Windows 7 RTM

KB2990214 - Update that enables you to upgrade from Windows 7 to a later version of Windows

KB2994023 -

KB3012973 - Upgrade to Windows 10 Pro itself

KB3014460 - Windows Insider Preview

KB3015249 - Telemetry

KB3021917 - Update to Windows 7 SP1 for performance improvements

KB3022345 - Update for customer experience and diagnostic telemetry

KB3035583 - Update installs Get Windows 10 app in Windows 8.1 and Windows 7 SP1

KB3042058 -

KB3050265 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7: June 2015

KB3065987 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2: July 2015

KB3068708 - Update for customer experience and diagnostic telemetry

KB3074677 - Windows 10 Upgrade preparation

KB3075249 - Update that adds telemetry points to consent.exe in Windows 8.1 and Windows 7

KB3075851 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2: August 2015

KB3080149 - Update for customer experience and diagnostic telemetry

KB3081437 - Windows 10 Upgrade preparation

KB3081454 - Windows 10 Upgrade preparation

KB3081954 - Telemetry Update for Windows 7

KB3083324 - Windows 10 Upgrade preparation for Windows 7

KB3083710 - Windows update client for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2: October 2015

KB3088195 - Microsoft Claims it's a security update but also has a key logger on the Kernel Level

KB3090045 - Update for reserved devices in Windows 8.1 or Windows 7 SP1 (Windows 10 upgrade elements)

KB3093983 - Microsoft claims it's a security update but it contains IE spying

KB3102810 - Fixes an issue regarding long wait while searching for Windows Updates but also has Windows 10 Upgrade preparation for Windows 7

KB3102812 - Windows 10 Upgrade elements

KB3112343 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7

KB3118401 - Update for Universal C Runtime in Windows

KB3123862 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7

KB3133977 - Buggy update

KB3135445 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7

KB3138612 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7

KB3139929 - Get Windows 10 update for MSIE

KB3146449 - Updated Internet Explorer 11 capabilities to upgrade Windows 8.1 and Windows 7

KB3150513 - Compatibility Update (another GWX) for Windows 7/8.1

# Sources

https://github.com/s3luX/windows-10-off

https://gist.github.com/xvitaly/eafa75ed2cb79b3bd4e9

https://github.com/WindowsLies/BlockWindows

https://github.com/th3power/aegis-voat

Commit message:

Added list of Microsoft servers you may want to block in your router/firewall

README.md, after:

# About

Remove Windows 7 updates that adds telemetry, upgrade and other fishy stuff.

# Manual

Download trim7.cmd script, right click on it and choose "Run as Administrator". Reboot after finish and search for Windows updates again. Once you see them bad updates re-appear, just right click on them and select "Hide" from the context menu. Additionally, download schtasks.bat file, right click on it and choose "Run as Administrator" and it will disable all the privacy related tasks.

Also included list of Microsoft servers you may want to block in your router/firewall.

# Updates

KB971033 - Windows Activation Technologies

KB2505438 -

KB2506928 -

KB2545698 -

KB2592687 -

KB2652664 - Windows Customer Experience Improvement Program

KB2660075 -

KB2670838 -

KB2726535 -

KB2876229 -

KB2882822 - Update for adding iTracerelogger interface support

KB2902907 - Microsoft Security Essentials

KB2922324 -

KB2923545 -

KB2952664 - Compatibility update for upgrading Windows 7

KB2977759 - Compatibility update for Windows 7 RTM

KB2990214 - Update that enables you to upgrade from Windows 7 to a later version of Windows

KB2994023 -

KB3012973 - Upgrade to Windows 10 Pro itself

KB3014460 - Windows Insider Preview

KB3015249 - Telemetry

KB3021917 - Update to Windows 7 SP1 for performance improvements

KB3022345 - Update for customer experience and diagnostic telemetry

KB3035583 - Update installs Get Windows 10 app in Windows 8.1 and Windows 7 SP1

KB3042058 -

KB3050265 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7: June 2015

KB3065987 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2: July 2015

KB3068708 - Update for customer experience and diagnostic telemetry

KB3074677 - Windows 10 Upgrade preparation

KB3075249 - Update that adds telemetry points to consent.exe in Windows 8.1 and Windows 7

KB3075851 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2: August 2015

KB3080149 - Update for customer experience and diagnostic telemetry

KB3081437 - Windows 10 Upgrade preparation

KB3081454 - Windows 10 Upgrade preparation

KB3081954 - Telemetry Update for Windows 7

KB3083324 - Windows 10 Upgrade preparation for Windows 7

KB3083710 - Windows update client for Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2: October 2015

KB3088195 - Microsoft Claims it's a security update but also has a key logger on the Kernel Level

KB3090045 - Update for reserved devices in Windows 8.1 or Windows 7 SP1 (Windows 10 upgrade elements)

KB3093983 - Microsoft claims it's a security update but it contains IE spying

KB3102810 - Fixes an issue regarding long wait while searching for Windows Updates but also has Windows 10 Upgrade preparation for Windows 7

KB3102812 - Windows 10 Upgrade elements

KB3112343 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7

KB3118401 - Update for Universal C Runtime in Windows

KB3123862 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7

KB3133977 - Buggy update

KB3135445 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7

KB3138612 - Windows Update Client for Windows 7

KB3139929 - Get Windows 10 update for MSIE

KB3146449 - Updated Internet Explorer 11 capabilities to upgrade Windows 8.1 and Windows 7

KB3150513 - Compatibility Update (another GWX) for Windows 7/8.1

# Sources

https://github.com/s3luX/windows-10-off

https://gist.github.com/xvitaly/eafa75ed2cb79b3bd4e9

https://github.com/WindowsLies/BlockWindows

https://github.com/th3power/aegis-voat
